hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
Lenovo ThinkPad p1 this is a workstation
laptop that's geared towards
professional use you can play games on
it obviously because it's got a
respectable graphics card but it's not
geared for gaming in particular so this
device is a thin and light workstation
it's built around portability and I
think it looks really good it's covered
in this soft touch material normally
soft touch materials on laptops aren't
my thing normally they're just they
degrade over time I find that a lot of
the laptops that are covered in the
traditional soft touch material just
become gunky after a year or two this
material feels a little bit different it
doesn't show fingerprints readily and
from my experience with these soft touch
materials from Lenovo this stuff lasts a
very long time it's very durable
finished even a year or two later it
looks pretty much brand new if the ports
on this device are good there's a bunch
of USB a there's two 3s on the left and
there's also an SD card slot on the
right the build quality on this device
is excellent it's got a hinge that feels
really durable it has very little flex
on the screen
almost no flex on the chassis this thing
is built to really sell it it is a
Lenovo ThinkPad they're built really
well now the build quality also extends
onto the bottom of the device as well so
the bottom panel comes off pretty easily
it's six screws Phillips screws and the
screws themselves are still attached to
the base plate through C clips so you
won't lose the screws and on the inside
you have access to basically everything
your Wi-Fi card your two RAM slots your
two nvm ease this device uses ECC memory
up to 64 gigs of it which is crazy on a
thin height device like this and it's
running a Xeon processor it's clearly
built for professional use the battery
down here is an 80 watt hour battery
it's pretty respectable getting around 7
hours of battery life with the screen at
215 it's now this charger that they
include actually does fast charging it's
actually one of the fastest charging
batteries I've seen in a laptop you get
about 80% of that battery full in 30
minutes so half an hour gets you around
five maybe five and a half hours of
battery life so it's pretty solid
ok the screen on the inside great screen
it's a 4k panel in this particular unit
looks really good it's bright its color
accurate its touch sensitive it's a
really nice looking screen now there is
a 1080p version available for the base
model I can't really comment on that but
the 4k panel looks
excellent the bezels aren't crazy then
there is a top bezel and there's clearly
a chin but the webcam is located in the
traditional position up top so if you
use your webcam frequently it has a
normal web cam angle the keyboard is
excellent this is probably the best part
about ThinkPads they have really great
keyboards the only thing I don't love
about it is the position of the control
and function keys like I just always
like to have the bottom-left key as my
control key this is something that
you'll get used to over time but for the
first few days you will be hitting
function instead of control if that's
where you used to I also like the
trackpad it's a Windows precision
trackpad the buttons are located up top
so not many devices are like that again
you'll get used to it and it also has
the track point which I've never really
enjoyed the track point thing I know
some people go crazy over them but I've
never found it more effective than using
a trackpad but that's just me the
performance this is a device that has
excellent CPU performance the xeon
processor in here performs better than
the more common 8750 H and I'm getting
better performance in Adobe Premiere on
this laptop than almost every other thin
and light laptop that I've used that's
just for my particular workflow and
depending on the applications that you
use and what you use your device for
this processor may or may not be what
you need they do have lower tier
processors available as well the GPU in
here however is the Quadro p2000 max-q
and it's most equivalent to a 1050 Ti
now you're not going to get amazing
performance in games it's geared more
towards professional applications the
thermal performance on this laptop is
surprisingly good I thought it would
throttle because it's a thin and light
workstation but it doesn't it's actually
able to maintain that boost clock pretty
readily Fannie's is also not too bad
doesn't get too loud even at max slow if
they did a really good job on the
thermals here the speaker sound
respectable they're not amazing speakers
or anything they're located on the
bottom as well so they're not in the
best position but the actual quality of
sound that comes out of them is
respectable ok overall thoughts on this
product I like this for who the intended
market is I don't purchase this if your
main goal is to play games it's
obviously not built for that if you're a
casual gamer throw some games on here
they'll run but the main purpose of this
device is for the workstation user I
love how the screen folds back it's
touch screen you can use a pen on this
thing with the Lenovo pen for artists
and stuff you can do a lot with this
device
the performance is better than I thought
it would be in terms of the sea if you
perform so depending on the application
if you have CPU heavy apps then this is
a good fit but the GPU performance is
it's not bad the p2000 max-q isn't like
a bad GPU but it's not super powerful
there are other workstation devices and
even gaming laptops that can just crush
in 3d applications if that's your jam if
you're doing like 3d work I don't think
I'd get this despite the thin and light
nature of it but if your CPU heavy user
this is a good pickup it's not cheap it
starts at $2,000 in the base end and if
you crank up all the options that's like
4000 bucks but if you compare this to
any like the workstations in this genre
or this kind of category of product it's
reasonably priced you compare this to
like a MacBook Pro this thing crushes it
in terms of performance and value and
this is a really really well-built
machine it's hard to describe this in a
video but this is I would consider this
equivalent in terms of build quality to
any of the high-end devices out there
like the MacBook Pros stuff it's
obviously a different shape different
look and different kind of vibe to the
product but it's really well built so if
you're looking for that I consider this
it's a great workstation okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]